### Brandon Dalla Rosa
### bkd8

## BEFORE
I worked on the front end for the Slogo project, but our group has already implemented the feature which allows users to see the images of all turtles. The active turtles are full color, while the inactive turtles are half opacity to show their state. Clicking on the images of the turtles toggles their state, and also selects them. This allows the user to change the image of only the selected turtle. 
Due to this, the feature which I will implement is the the only front end feature which my group did not implement. This is the ability to click to execute / edit past commands that were entered, from the stored history. 
I estimate that this will likely take me somewhere in the range of 1-2 hours. This is because I will need to locate the correct classes to deal with in the code, create an implementation that will succeed in adding the feature, and then optimize/refactor it to improve it. 
I believe this will not require any new files, but I may add an extra class if it makes the process cleaner. This feature should be able to be added by altering the methods which allow the user to interact with the text boxes containing the past commands. This does not sound too difficult, but I am unfamiliar with how to handle this type of javaFX visual string collection.
## AFTER
### Review
This feature took me about half an hour or so to implement in a basic way. Improving it took another half hour give or take, which makes it near my estimated time. I only added the ability to activate or edit previous commands however, I did not add this ability to the saved variables. If I were to add this functionality to the saved variables and user defined commands, it would take a decent amount of more time. This is mainly because I could not figure out how to correctly define either in the environment on the master branch.
I needed to update two files and change the methods relating to the storage of the previous commands. This was what I predicted, and it worked very well. I replaced the text that used to display each previous command with two buttons, one to redo the previous command and one to edit it. This allows the user to graphically interact with all previous commands in a simple and easy to understand way. This was done in one file, the other file was necessary because I required the instance of the class to activate the command line, and so I added a method to give the instance to the correct class. 
On my first try I succeeded in adding a button for each previous command to place the text of the command back on the command line. I added the two button functionality for each previous command after, since it would be more user friendly to choose whether to edit or activate the previous command. 
### Analysis
This exercise was relatively simple, and I enjoyed completing it because it felt like I was improving a previous work. It showed that the design and documentation of the project are well done, since I was able to add a feature relatively quickly to a part of the code that I hadn't focused on during the actual project duration. The project was about a bit better than I remember it being, functioning very smoothly with many features. This is likely because I have memories of the entire development process, including the many times in which the program did not fully function or had many errors. However, the sturdiness of the project could be improved, because it there are some occasions where giving too much user input at once makes the program freeze and stop functioning for moments of time. The design appeared to be relatively well done however, despite the few bugs in the code that caused the freezing.
If I was not familiar with the code at all, this may have been slightly more difficult, but not to an extreme extent. I found the classes I needed to work with based on the naming and labeling of the classes, as I forgot where it was. This is what you would have to do if unfamiliar with the code, and it did not take me very long at all. Additionally, it may take a few more moments to understand how the data is being stored and sent in the program prior to making changes, but overall it would not be too much more difficult. This is due to the good documentation and naming throughout the project.